Through pillars of light leftover from the waning of the day, I had stepped, my desire weaving itself through my dance, my dissatisfaction painting itself upon my hands and each book that I touched. And that was just it—dissatisfaction, and nothing more. To me, Fonte was less of a village than a mother, and its library her womb. Memories from that time present themselves to me as no more than dreams. Long after the sun had set, I would peer through aging glass at the dying sun as he resigned himself to his fate beneath the western seas. In this dream, I would inevitably ask him: *where are you going? What are you seeing?*

The truth is, it is difficult for me to look fondly back on my time growing up in Fonte. Yes, there were people who I enjoyed being around—Oscar, namely, but they were few and far between. And of course, there was the library—my library—and the garden behind it, hidden from common view, serving as my idyll ever since I had begun tending to it during my internship. It was then unknown and unnamed; and so, like any adventurer would, I had given it a name most obvious to me: Arcadia. Yes, my recollection of my past life is shrouded in the same ensnaring wisteria vines which hung themselves into Arcadia betwixt planks of acacia which formed the garden's fence. That, and the variations on Chopin which I overheard so commonly from the residence just outside my desk's window. Only later did meet the boy who practised on that piano each day—only then did I begin corresponding with Oscar.

See, I am twenty-four years of age. I am just under one-point-seven meters tall and just over fifty-five kilograms in weight. As far as I could tell, my mother had always been wary of my weight, though she would only occasionally chastise me for my lack of exercise. When I had brought this issue up to Oscar, he had responded kindly—though, knowing myself, I would not have accepted any other answer from him. He is on my mind each time I hear that crisp, attenuated striking of piano keys' hammers on string, each time I flutter to the variations in tempo which flow from the performer's body. See, it is not every day which I hear empassioned performances of the romantic; rather, it seems, only the days lost in transition, in limbo, as I shed away some past life and move into something new. Today, I write from my room aboard Alveria's grandest airship, the SS Halcyon, as it flies towards capital city Erlija.

I write because I have never written, and, because I have never written, it is as if I had never lived. I am excited, of course, and nervous, to live the world outside of Fonte for the first time. But it is precisely this feeling which reminds me of how rarely I feel this way. So, let me begin, from eight years ago, on the day I had last felt such overwhelming anticipation.

---

Commencement had been scheduled in early May of the year 316. The weather was not much hotter then and about just as humid as it is now in August, and with spring still in full force, cicadas and crickets and other critters alike buzzed their songs of new life between fresh droplets of rain. I attended the Huang Academy for the Gifted, though, very few of my classmates actually referred to it as such; for too many years, it being the only institution of secondary learning in Fonte, we had known it simply as “the academy.” Rebranding just two years prior to my graduation, the academy had been prompted by what must have been a large donation from the Huang family, whom had then recently moved to Fonte from across the western seas. We students heard just once from the Huang family patriarch during a school assembly, the old and seemingly frail body delivering an astoundingly booming speech in broken Alverian. He had brought his son to that assembly as well, who stood silently to his side, his face kept lowered seemingly in respect, his taller height meaning nothing in the obvious power discrepancy compared to his father. I never saw either of them again until many years later, and even then, only in the newspapers.

My final two years at the academy were wrought with loneliness, had they been experienced by any of my peers. It was not the case with me, my content with life offering itself so readily simply upon entering the school library, limited as it were its selection of tales. In my final year, my classmates petitioned the school administration, and successfully established a lounge in which they spent their time between classes.
