I remembered then.

It was as the wind roared and howled through my hair, our clothes, as we fell and fell—two souls, two bodies, one fate—that I remembered. From the suffocating, burning *Halcyon* above to the crashing waves of the golden ocean below, there was no solace. That is, until I looked at him, and, behind layers of gloss and reflection, into his eyes. Like the first night of winter, they froze everything in the air. No longer did the wind scream. No longer did the smoke envelop us in its embrace. No—even the hands of all the clocks in Alveria must have stopped ticking, because in that moment, we were lighter than air. We were two snowflakes of the same cold winter breeze, no longer falling, but floating instead.

And so, slowly, suddenly, I felt the winds of change flow backwards, back before I looked into his eyes, before I learned of fear, before I learned of flight. God must have rewound his music box then, for when I next opened my eyes, I saw no fire, no flame, but only the sight of millions of snowflakes as they floated down to the earth. And just like that, in a blink, I had lost seven years. Through frosted lenses, I saw myself again, then but a child.

In the seaside town of Fonte we had lived—Charlotte, Nathaniel, and I—and learned, from the same tutor nonetheless. That day was the first day I had seen snow, the real deal, not the kind in books and plays. Tutor Felys must have been just as ecstatic at the town's refreshing makeover, and had let us out at lunch to play. And so we had shuffled out of his shanty living-room-turned-classroom, myself first, followed by Nathaniel, apprehensive, and finally a timid Charlotte.
