And so, we were diseased.

It was the missive, you see. That envelope no larger than a dove’s wing, adorned in gold, shining bright from across the high seas. That slight inset into the material of its surface, from each letter, unique as the last, the pen of its creator surely brushing aside countless fibers as it sailed across the stock. *For Rigel,* mine had read, and inevitably, I had wondered why they hadn’t bothered to include my family name, or even how they had found me in the first place. But it had fallen into my posession nonetheless, as I had awoken some nineteen years prior, bundled in blankets in a basket most ordinary, surely a sour fit for the family whose doorsteps I lay upon. For it was ignorance, you see, which offered me a home. It was my disease and mine alone.

Her name was Charlotte. She was only six years old and five years older when she first met me. “Mama, look! A baby,” or so I imagine. From then on, her name was “big sis,” at least until we both grew older. Mother had picked me up and handed me to the maid, and I suppose Father had gotten tired of trying for a boy. So from then on, I was the youngest child of the Orions.

Of this golden missive we were none the wiser. It was a calling, of salmon back to their hometown, of songbirds back north. What I had thought made me unique was just one scale in a school of fish. We were the “golden children,” chosen by some force beyond, to answer to some higher calling. But the more missives arrived in Alveria, the more we wondered. And eventually, for every golden child, the answer was clear.

See, the disease, if one could even call it that, is neurodegenerative in nature. It takes its time, piece by piece, one bug after the next, as if we were computer programs rotting in time. And the people who received these missives were always connected—by blood, by love, by friendship. To love, to kiss, to touch, was to be responsible, to be responsible was to disclose, and to disclose was our duty to society. Until we could no longer walk, no longer turn our heads, until we broke down like old machines out of repair, we were bound to this duty by stigma. But in a way, it’s a blessing of sorts too, a way to understand what others thought of us
