*Be better.*

Huangning sits to my right, his legs crossed on the bed. Light artificial in sickly yellow floods the room, a nest for the rattling of baby snakes awaiting their mother. But I am no biologist—no, I am a creator. And from the idle rattle of chit-chat of Huangning and his fellow snakes and the light which blinds then drowns, I create again the eastern seas of yore, whence my ancestors had journeyed in search of the promised Vinland of spring aeternum. Through cold winters and high plateaus they had fought, with only their trust in courage and clan and comrades, as the king's cowards razed their villages and raped their women, chasing them forever north. Amidst the rhythm of the bass and war drums I hide, back wet against the pine of the ship, as my father and uncles and brothers and all their axes and broadswords dive with them into the depths. The elder dragon mounted at the head of our ship rears its head triumphantly, facing forward, fearing nothing, while I huddle in the fur of the elk father had slain last spring and mother had skinned, fearing nothing for a moment yet fearing everything in the next, and beyond all, fearing that there would be no one left when I next awaken. Still grasping onto my only weapon, a dagger, I close my eyes and do the only thing I know how to do: hope, and pray that all will turn out alright.

"Yeah, fuck the Seafarers! What sorta diplomacy involves locking down the capital city for a day?"

My joints groan to the deep bass emanating from a speaker to my left at the head of the bed. We are in Xingcheng's room at the end of the hall, and, having recognized that our neighbors were playing cards in the common lounge, he had cranked up the volume. His little brother, Xingce, and Wangtong are also together in the room, though sitting diametrically opposite from me.

"It's absurd how the officials submit to the Seafarer's ridiculous whims. Do we truly garner such little respect in the negotiations? Felys must be returned to its former glory!"

As Wangtong speaks, I can do nothing but join in the rambunctious cheering from the rest of my patriotic buddies. Peering out the window at the final shades of dusk, I create again, this time from sand and stone and the land between twin rivers at the birth of civilization. Wangtong and I stand guard together at the outpost tower, trading off shifts as we gaze out into the sunset ocean. *The Seafarers are coming. The Seafarers are coming,* the priests of the city of Uruk had chanted. *The Seafarers are coming.* We know not what they look like, only that they are large, and nothing like us. As dusk turns to night, and dawn to day, Wangtong grows restless, spouting idealistic passages from the scholars of Uruk. I can only nod in agreement as I stare at the pile of signal firewood in the corner, hoping, in one moment, that we may never have to use it, and wishing in the next that it would combust right then and there. And, then, suddenly, at the break of dusk, they arrive, clambering, crawling, pulling themselves up from the depths, their bodies distorted and misshapen like the terrible giant of the cedar woods, dripping, molding, as they rush inland against the river current. All that they touch withers, and all which they glimpse decays. Wangtong screams and scrambles, flint in one hand and steel in the other, sparks flying upwards and backwards and onto my linens but never onto the wool. And I panic too, but the Seafarers' siren shakes the outpost tower, and, even against the water, the invaders glide quickly, too quickly, toward us and the city we guard. I do the only thing I know how to do: run, and run fast, as I climb down and down and down the tower, step after step after step, Wangtong calling me back but his voice only pushing me further away. The city has done nothing for me, and he has done even less.

"At least Seafarer girls are hotties, right, Xizhong?" Huangning snickers, nodding his head at me. I don't know how to respond.

"Oh boy, we've got a freak, giantess-lover in here!"

"Yeah man, don't you know, they don't even have legs! How you gonna do it with that, dude?" Xingce howls, his face scrunching toward that large, flat, nose of his, as Huangning flushes in response.

"Well, the bitches at this academy ain't shit either."

"Hey man, watch your words," Xingce warns, dropping his voice, as Xingcheng, Wangtong, and I keep quiet in the background. Both Huangning and Xingce had liked the same girl, Yali, one year our junior, but Xingce had made the first move. She had a sharp chin and delicate nose, a pretty face which along with how she handled herself in general made her fairly popular with the guys. But Xingce was always the most brazen of our group and perhaps even amongst everyone at the academy. Even I could see his charm—flirty, funny, and spontaneous. But that day a month ago when they officially started dating, when the maiden of spring had just awoken to a new year, Huangning and I had been making our way to Histories & Humanities when just around the corner down fourth hall we had caught a glimpse of her, her monochrome checkerboard skirt fluttering almost out of view, her lime-green tennis shoe heels raised just off the ground, her calves delicate yet tense as they supported everything else wonderful about her. And so she remained for a decade or so, until I could stand it no longer. I turned to walk away, but, for some reason, at that moment, my legs turned to maple trees, their hardwood roots reaching deep into the earth below. Huangning must not have seen her yet; he glanced momentarily at me before gazing forward again. By then Yali had turned around, silky dark locks opening like a curtain to her face, the face of the spring maiden, to that delicate nose of hers, to that sharp chin, and to everything in between, blushed and wet from the overwhelming sensation of what must have been a first kiss. And as Huangning stormed over in jealousy, I had been frozen, my eyes locked in on Huangning as he grabbed Xingce's shoulders, and Xingce, as he spoke through his sly half-smile, and of course Yali as she tried and failed to calm the both of them down, words like wind against stone as they flew out of her still-glistening lips. I did not—do not—love her, like her, whatever the terminology may be. But, for some reason, warm tears had streamed down my cheeks, and for just a brief moment, I had wondered what it might have been like if Yali were dating me instead, if I had asked her out instead, on that day in the campus courtyard when she found me napping under the cherry blossom trees, and it was just us, no Huangning, no Xingce. But that was not the problem, it was never the problem—no, it is because we're different people—that Yali and Xingce and Huangning and Wangtong and Xingcheng are as tourists lost in an endless house of mirrors and windows, going round and round in search of the comfort of another human's presence. But in my head another voice speaks, *be better, be different, you don't need anyone else to be great, you shouldn't cry, you can't give up, you can figure everything out by themselves.* And so I weave, in and out, dancing in-between reflections and shadows as they slice and dice with hands see-through and reflective. And even as I hear their laughter and fighting through the kaleidoscope of walls which imprison me, I know that I can do better without them. "Xizhong, where are you going?" "Join us!" "Dude, come back!" "We're sorry, okay?" But this time, I am not the lost child, cowering in the corner of the ship with just a dagger. No, I am the axe-wielder, a real Viking, the thundering force feared by the English and even nature itself. With a single swing, I carve my axe into millennium-old maple, freeing the ancient tree from its roots which had kept it locked down in fourth hall. Through dorm room doors the tree would crash, through the house of mirrors and windows it would fall, shattering a thousand illusions on its way down. In it's wake I run, and they chase. "What the hell are you doing?" "Dude, stop!" "Seriously!" But they are only jealous—grown stagnant in the confines and rules of the kaleidoscope maze. I had found a way out, all by myself. And now, they are mad. *Faster,* the voice speaks, and I oblige, nimble like a monkey and light like a bird. I hear the winds of the revolution call upon me, the creator of worlds, as I burst through cackling flame and suffocating smoke, ramming my way through round after round of horsemen from the circus, striking open door after door of my imprisonment as I hurl myself into a night trapped under the metropolitan lights of the false gods. As human voices fade into obscurity behind me, prides and streaks of lions and tigers roar past, honking their warning battle-cries at me. Though blinded by the flood of their taillights, I dance, dodge, and sidestep through all their attempts at my recapture. *Be better,* I urge of my legs, as they sprout wings of scarlet neon, and I fly, far, far away from that house of mirrors and its circus and the hunting grounds of the lions and tigers. I do not know towards what I fly, but I know I must fly, fly, and fly again: farther, faster, further.

And, then, just like that, I hear nothing again. Not the war cry of the my Viking brothers, nor the inhuman screeching of the Seafarers; not the drunken voices of Huangning and Xingce urging me back, nor the honking and ringing of the cars and bikes. Even that pesky voice in my head is now gone, and amidst the silence, all that moved was my own breathing.

Lexaria is charming in it's own way at night. Though, near its metropolitan center, it is an unsleeping capital city of neon lights, its outer rings offer much more tranquility. The academy's dorms are situated not so far from the fifth ring's eastern quadrant, and realistically that is as far out from the center as I can make it on foot. The sixth ring is much larger, and, considering the concentration of manufacturing and manual labor industries which operate there, generally much poorer and more dangerous at night. Beyond that, to the east lies the remainder of the country of Felys, mostly rural until the cities on the eastern coast. To the west lies the ocean which I have never visited, the residence of the Seafarers. Each year, on the third day of the second month of spring, the Seafarers would rise from the oceans and convene with the Felysian leaders in Lexaria. That is tomorrow. I do not know what the Seafarers look like—frankly, few did, and only rumors at that—large, beautiful, legless. Every year, the Felysian officials would quarantine all its citizens at midnight prior to the Seafarers' landing. So Huangning and I had taken the day to catch up on work, and when it was all done and dusted we had convened with the others in Xingcheng's room to hang out. But I had obviously caused a ruckus, and with how late it already was when we were hanging out, it must not be long until midnight now. Academy security must have already been notified of the potential quarantine breach, so the police would be on their way already.

Against brick and mortar of some unknown residence, I slump, holding my breathing momentarily and concentrating on listening instead. Sounds of sirens were getting closer, no doubt, and I could not run forever. Why had I even run away in the first place?

I look up to the window of the residence and see two pairs of eyes staring down at me—one small and one large; they disappear as soon as my vision lingers. But it is not my eyes which scares them, but rather the headlights of the police cars as they pull up in the driveway just ahead. There are two cars, one officer in each. As the officer in the leading car scrambles out, he momentarily observes his wristwatch before motioning to the other officer: *come, there is little time.* How had they found me so quickly? I push up against the brick wall, but stumble on something in the dark and fall down instead. Dropping my hands down to my ankles, it doesn't take long to discern that my right ankle is abnormally swollen—twisted, perhaps, during my run from the academy. There's no use in trying to stand up, so I instead lay low, and crawl along the wall toward the far side of the house.

"We know you're there. Show yourself now, and we'll let you off with a car ride back and a warning. Or, you can keep playing your hiding game, but once that clock hits midnight, you'll be in a whole heap of trouble."

Law enforcement are really no different from the professors at the academy. Neither have any reason to bargain when your entire fate is in their hands regardless of what they give you. By positioning one choice so poorly, they sweeten the other deal. In reality, it is not so. There's little chance we get back to campus by midnight, so I'll be breaking quarantine regardless. And even if we did get back in time, what was I to do about my own embarrassment? This had never happened before. I would have to explain myself to Huangning and Xingce and the others when even I didn't know what went through my head. The academy would surely deal out some sort of disciplinary detention as a consequence, and I'd have to listen to some snobby disciplinary official lecture me on common sense. See—that isn't it—it's not that I don't have common sense–hell, look at how I'm reasoning about the situation right now. It's just that, sometimes, for just a moment, none of it seems right anymore. These officers, my friends, everyone else at the academy—they're all robots, machines, which burn and churn and turn to no end. But if I were a machine, I'd be one that breaks down every few minutes. It's not that I can't complete my tasks. It's just that I need a break every once in a while. And I guess today's break just wasn't very well timed.

So, instead, I hasten my crawling. In the dark, I accidentally push against brittle sticks which crack under my weight. They hear this immediately and flood my vision with flashlights. Sightless, cold, and right ankle still aching, I let out a small "yelp" in surprise. I protest as they snatch my wrists and hold them to my back, pushing me toward their parked cars. Struggling only seems to bruise my wrists even more against an iron grip. They would sit in Xingcheng's room, in that circular formation just like how I left them, and point and laugh at my cold and dejected self when I eventually returned to the dorm. I want to close my eyes and hide away from their mocking faces, but they're already closed. So, instead, I want to cry, but remembering that I shouldn't, I try to staunch the tears already overflowing behind my eyelids. I beg the officer holding me to let me go and I would walk back myself to save myself the embarrassment of having to be seen, watched, stepping out of the police car and into the dorm. I beg the other officer as well, that I wasn't trying to break quarantine, that perhaps they could drop me off a bit away from the dorm building and let me walk the rest of the way back. I beg and beg but *real men don't beg,* so I stop and all I hear is gibberish and snot coming from my mouth, *real men take what they want,* so I lean my body backwards and twist my torso but they are so strong and I am so light and powerless. *Powerless,* I hear the voice mocking me, *useless, undeserving, cowardly, crying like a girl.*

*Who will look up to you now?*

*Who's going to save you now?*

*Me,* her motorbike seems to roar, *your savior I shall be,* as she flashes into existence, a streak of neon against black, a ray of light cast above us, hovering for a second trapped in time, before crashing down onto the roof of the forward police car. The steel frame of the roof crumples beneath the weight of her bike outfitted in ultramarine, and she reaches down, so effortlessly, wrapping her left arm beneath my own. She is big, abnormally tall and wide, bigger than me, and either of the officers, who still look up at her, stunned. I struggle to find a foothold as she motions to the space on the bike behind her. And no sooner had I straddled the seat and secured my hands around her waist did we take off, her feet revving something on the bike causing it to gain an incredible upward and forward thrust. The officers below us shrink into the suburbs of Lexaria's fifth ring as I snap my face forward, asking the first of so many questions that had come to mind in just the past minute: "Who are you?"

Her eyes are wide, curious, clear, as she turns around to look at me, her hands no longer positioned on the bike's handlebars. The bike seems to fly itself. Her hair is shining wet, yet I see none of the same wetness on her face. Against the backdrop of moonlight her body appears even larger than I had realized earlier—but now I see definitely that it is chiseled muscle and bone which forms such an extraordinary frame.

"At each annual treatise signing festival, as we rise from the sea, it is the name Eva which your kind calls me."

Her name doesn't really give me much room to follow up. "Treatise signing? Is that why you're here?"

She smirks the tiniest amount. "Only the elders may sign treatises; a personal sightseeing trip is all that this is."

"So why'd you intervene for me back there?"

"Simply that you appeared to be in distress, running, struggling after some distant ideal. We of the depths do not flee from those in need of help. What is it that you desire which commands such appeal?"

What is it that I desire? Perhaps it is just some time alone, but why then is it that I find her existence so intriguing?

"I—just want to fit in. I'm tired of always feeling different, feeling lacking in some way."

She looks at me, questioning. "Our meeting would not have been had you conformed. Do you find it regrettable, for you what I have just performed?"

"No, no… Thank you, really, for getting me out of there. It's just that none of this would have needed to happen if I would have just stayed on campus."

"And neither would you have witnessed any of this below," she gestures, waving at the glittering city center below us, "a sight, for none, I would forego. So tell me, what is it that you yearn to know?"

"I guess, if I'm okay with being different, then I want to be the very best I can be. I want to be strong, powerful, like a real man. I don't want to run away anymore."

She ponders for a second. "If it is the masculine ideal which you seek, then it is the queen of the depths with whom you must speak." Grabbing me by my shoulders, she pushes off from the motorbike as it decays into a blue dash of glittering stars. Her touch enchants the both of us with flight. "With just this one kiss, I will bring you into the abyss."

I am not prepared for her kiss, which is not so much a kiss as a firehose from a bottomless reservoir, pumping liquids into my mouth. I don't even have the time to swallow or to choke as it enters my body before seeming to disappear. Down toward the city we dive, she holding my hand as she flies ahead of me. We swoop past the capital and the first ring, then the second ring, and the third, until we are gliding above the western ocean. Turning her body to face me, she grabs my other hand, plunging us both into the waters below. I try to hold my breath, but the pressure forces it open, just as I realize that the ocean water was not so suffocating as I had imagined, and simply salty.

My eyes don't sting as I open them underwater. Even in the darkness I can make out the different colors as we pass through realm after realm of viridescent cold ocean and aquamarine warm ocean, layers upon layers of olive and beryl. Finally spotting a carved-stone entrance upon a large underwater rock several houses wide, she slows, and again turns to me. Opening her mouth underwater, she speaks, and I am somehow not surprised to hear the Felysian tongue transmitted through liquid.

"To seek the counsel of the queen, we must first make an offering of sea green." From within her blouse she procures a nautilus which she then proceeds to place in my right palm as its little tentacles still writhe vivaciously. It is only at this moment, as I gaze down upon my palm, that I notice something different about my own legs. A clear film had begun forming around them. It looks thin, but bound my legs together against my struggles. Witnessing this, she grasps my hands again, nautilus still squirming in my right, and nods to her own feet. Rather, they were no longer distinct feet, but a fleshy tail of sorts, multicolored and reflective against the colors of the ocean. Is this meant to reassure me? Planting another kiss upon my cheek, she slides her hands away from mine and points toward a rusted bronze offering bowl adjacent to the stone entrance. I suppose I'm meant to deal with the leg problem later.

"Now go, onto the temple it must be bestowed."

I swim over, my joined legs now flopping in unison as the tail of a dolphin. Carefully, making sure not to harm the little squirming tentacles, I place the nautilus in the offering bowl. The two halves of the stone entrance splits to slow rumbling, and a great force from the darkness within engulfs me, pulling me inwards. Looking back in panic, I see her waving at me, as if saying *goodbye,* her lips still curved upward in a subtle smile. I fight against the current triggered by the nautilus offering but accomplish nothing. As the colors of the ocean turn to black, I hear a voice, deep, old, and tired.

"If it is to be the ideal of the real man which you aspire, then there is not a person more but yourself whom you should admire. To show weakness while weak and strength while strong, a real man values truth, adaptability, and above all else feeling like they belong. And you already do."

When I next awake, it is to the soft glow of daybreak. Huangning snores quietly in the bunk below mine. Feeling my legs, I find that they are no longer bound together. Instead, in my right palm I discover an empty shell—a nautilus shell.
