It was snowing that night too.

Silent, like a budding fantasy, the snow came suddenly, a drift, a flutter, of a swan long gone, flown away, away, across the northern sky—its feathers still so pristinely ceramic as they found their resting place. It was a tip-toeing, each foot after another, each step crunching the dirt beneath it to the beat of the distant war-drums, a warning, a becoming, as the steps only become louder, the flurry, a whirlwind, then a blizzard. My right hand on the piano keys again, I play a first note, then a second, a third, *and now, the left hand, the strings, the woodwinds, the drums,* the conductor swings. *Back and forth and back and up and again* and again I watch, I sit, waiting for the end of a crescendo, a building mystery.

But still, it kept snowing, drifting, fluttering. That night, I walked away, seemingly for the first time, seemingly for the last time. Head lowered, shivering from the stale winter air, I walked, step after step, crunch after crunch, toward the brightest star in the northern skies, the smell of loneliness and the absence of sound my only guide.

Noise. It was too loud. Screaming. Yelling. Shouting. A flurry of sounds, a blinding light, a warmth, a burning, so hot, so unbearable—it all locked itself behind my final closed door. "Forever," he sung, "because only one thing in this world can be forever." *And everything else must go,* I complied. So I went, north, where there were no more sounds, no more light, no more disagreements and no more life. I passed by a squirrel scurrying up a giant oak. I encountered cars and their bright yellow cones of light. I cowered, I hid, I scurried as a squirrel would until their eyes could no longer see me.

I went far, far away. I walked until the snow stopped telling me to return. There, I met the water. Its mother whispered to me amidst its trickles and splashes, "go back, go back, return from whence you come and do not follow my children." But I kept following the water, the frogs and crickets and dragonflies, the little critters who must rule the night, as they chirped and chirped with the trickling and splashing of the dark flow. I followed, because mothers are liars.

I journeyed across forgotten lands. I ducked under branches surely to have enjoyed life without humanity and I leapt across stones fragile enough to shatter by the touch of the light of humanity. My shoes became muddied, my fingers frozen, my breath short. And so it came before me.

A darker, larger object, a bridge, a painting on the endless canvas of the northern sky. I emerged, was born, came from, out of, the age of sticks and stones. I ascended its steps, a raised platform in the darkness, a throne of the dead, and peered out from my castle, the center, the top of the world, a world of nothing. Hearing only the mother of the night water below, I was confident. This was the place of my crowning, my ascension, my departure.
